adm_edge2edge_slot_length=yes none
balloon_message_type=1 none
balloon_show_time=5 none
check_in_before_close_job=yes none
collect_job_log=yes none
customer_display_mode=3 none
default_1up_step="edit" none
default_save_when_close_job=yes none
delete_unused_sym_on_import=yes none
dfm_cross_hatch_handle_mode=2 none
dfm_default_hist_res=1 mil
dfm_default_sym_res=0.001 mil
dtm_finish_size_as_drill_size=yes none
dtm_slot_recognition=3 none
edt_affect_confirm=yes none
edt_attr_at_msg_bar_end=no none
edt_compare_double_check=yes none
edt_cont_stop_on_polarity_mismatch=no none
edt_edge2edge_slot_length=yes none
edt_home_limits=1 none
edt_measurement_display_width=2 none
edt_resize_allow_multiple_islands=yes none
edt_resize_rect_rc=2 none
edt_resize_sym_equidistance=no none
edt_rout_copy_stay_in_chain=no none
edt_rv_max_items_per_category=20000 none
edt_sr_fill_feat=1 none
edt_sr_panel_util_by_active=no none
et_snap_max_dist=15 none
floating_param_pages=no none
focus_follows_mouse=yes none
gen_attr_merge_method=2 none
gen_line_skip_post_hooks=2 none
gen_line_skip_pre_hooks=2 none
gen_week_number_format=3 none
gen_week_start_day=1 none
get_confirm_undo=yes none
get_def_units="inch" none
get_inp_exclude="*tar;*zip;*tgz;*exe;*gz" none
gns_editor_text="/usr/bin/gedit" none
gns_only_accessible_jobs=yes none
group_layers_by_category=yes none
gui_color_no_mix="srh" none
gui_native_color_mix=yes none
inp_default_path="/id/workfile" none
iol_fill_abort_on_drop=no none
iol_gbr_brk_diag_sqrs=yes none
iol_img_rnd_prod_params=yes none
iol_inp_drl_units=3 none
iol_inp_gbr_units=3 none
iol_inp_reinput="yes" none
iol_inp_skip_auto_reg=yes none
iol_read_stp_origin=no none
keep_nls_names_on_import=1 none
max_mem_kept_by_bg_process=1024 none
net_calc_with_sm_policy=1 none
net_calculate_run_mode=1 none
net_compare_ignore_inner_net_points=yes yes
new_job_symbol_resolution=1 none
num_bg_processes=4 none
out_atp_apr_max_size=499 none
pause_balloon_position=2 none
pin_down_param_pages=yes none
rout_skip_tool_dup_check=no none
rv_default_severity_filter=3 none
show_guideline=yes none
use_big_font=yes none
use_big_pixmap=yes none
